annot: Chop the bacon, beef, and vegetables
ACTID: 0
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the bacon (-1), beef (-1), vegetables (-1)
annot: Cook the bacon in a heated pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the bacon (0)
[PP, location, in] a heated pan (-1)
annot: then remove it from the pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] it (1)
[PP, location, from] the pan (1)
annot: Cook the beef in the pan with oil
ACTID: 3
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the beef (0)
[PP, location, in] the pan with oil (-1)
annot: Remove the beef from the pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the beef (3)
[PP, location, from] the pan (3)
annot: Add oil in the pan
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: cook the vegetables in the oil
ACTID: 6
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (0)
[PP, food, in] the oil (5)
annot: Add the beef and the bacon to the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the beef (4), the bacon (2)
[PP, food, to] the pan (6)
annot: stir
ACTID: 8
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (7)
annot: season the ingredients with salt and pepper
ACTID: 9
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (8)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: sprinkle flour into the pan
ACTID: 10
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pan (9)
annot: mix together
ACTID: 11
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (10)
annot: Pour broth and wine into the pan
ACTID: 12
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] broth (-1), wine (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pan (11)
annot: Add garlic, thyme, bay leaf, and tomato paste to the pan
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garlic (-1), thyme (-1), bay leaf (-1), tomato paste (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (12)
annot: Cover the pan with the lid
ACTID: 14
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the pan (13)
[PP, other, with] the lid (-1)
annot: Place it in the oven
ACTID: 15
PRED: Place
[DOBJ, food] it (14)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
annot: Melt butter in a pan
ACTID: 16
PRED: melt
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: add mushrooms to cook
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] mushrooms (-1)
[PP, food, ] (16)
annot: season mushrooms with salt and pepper
ACTID: 18
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] mushrooms (17)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: Add the mushrooms to the stew
ACTID: 19
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the mushrooms (18)
[PP, food, to] the stew (15)
annot: Serve the stew over a bowl of noodles and garnish with herbs
ACTID: 20
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] the stew (19)
[PP, food, over] a bowl of noodles (-1), garnish (-1)
[PP, food, with] herbs (-1)